so I'm here at I think um I'm here in
Nashville where Nissan flew me out to
drive all of their lineup but I found
something really cool and fun that
Nicole here help me demonstrate as you
can tell she's wiping off Hershey's
chocolate from the hood of this what
kind of car is this do you know I'm
putting you on the spot let's call it a
leaf we're gonna call this Elise this is
only it's a Nissan Leaf and the reason
she's doing that is you know what I'm
gonna let you check it out when she does
a demo because that'll build some
suspense and that is coming up next on
the fast lane car
we are going to demonstrate a new paint
technology it is the ultra ever dry
self-cleaning paint technology it to
feel it it feels like suede it's very
nice so what we have over here on this
side is what a regular car hood kind of
looks and feels like and we've got the
new paint technology here I'm going to
show you exactly why that's important
how that works so you're out in the rain
this is what rain and and water does to
your car but the new car the new paint
over here it just rolls right away so
that's pretty cool but it's just water
so what about if you have kids and dogs
and mud and we can get really messy over
here it just kind of stays behind but
right over here about the same thing
just rolls right off and let's go a
little bit thicker and syrup here so now
all we need to give me hungry yeah if
you get heavy to have a bowl of ice
cream stick it right down there there we
go
what's the magic the magic is in the
texture saw the little hills and valleys
it acts as a repellent this repels
everything away almost like a Teflon so
you can apply this to the outside of
cars you can apply it to fabric and it's
something that we're testing out right
now it's not quite available on our cars
but stay tuned it may be soon 995 you
buy one right now I'll throw in the
second one for free
right now call in the next ten minutes
but is this something that realistically
I'll ever show up on any son car oh you
know it's hard to say we're still we're
still testing and experimenting so
you'll just have to stay tuned alright
Nicole so if this were your car which of
the two finishes would you want I'll
definitely take the matte finish if I
don't ever have to clean it yeah I mean
think about a bird poop mud what else
could be on here that would come from
rain snow sleet and bird poop because
let's face it that is the number one
bane of anybody who has a car it gets
washed and the next thing you know the
birds figure it out and pull you there
you have it it's like a magnet thanks
for watching and check out the fast lane
Carr for more news views and of course
every day reviews ciao ladies and
gentlemen I have the great pleasure of
introducing you to the father of
Godzilla the top dog Godzilla the gt-r
Nismo edition this is the fastest the
most powerful the most carbon clad GTR
ever built and coming up next on the
fast lane car you got it I'm gonna take
it for a ride and tell you everything
you ever wanted to know